Add CMake option to enable less tests. (#1140)
DLR-AMR/t8code: CMakeLists.txt

option( T8CODE_BUILD_TUTORIALS "Build t8code's tutorials" ON )
option( T8CODE_BUILD_EXAMPLES "Build t8code's examples" ON )
option( T8CODE_BUILD_BENCHMARKS "Build t8code's benchmarks" ON )

> option( T8CODE_ENABLE_LESS_TESTS "Uses a fraction of the test cases to speed up development. (WARNING: Use with care.)" OFF )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option( T8CODE_ENABLE_LESS_TESTS "Tests not as thoroughly to speed up the test suite. Tests the same functionality. (WARNING: Use with care.)" OFF )
```
